{
  "attack": true,
  "case": "The target's mechanism—a tightly coupled palatial redistribution network—predicts that the most interconnected, trade-dependent nodes should fail first and hardest, while more isolated or self-sufficient regions might weather the cascade. However, the forbidden case explicitly rules out 'identical, simultaneous, and total environmental catastrophes with no regional variation.' The target's own scope and mechanism imply a specific regional variation: Egypt, excluded from the collapse, is explained by its resilient Nilotic agricultural base. Yet the target fails to specify any corresponding regional variation among the regions it claims *did* collapse. If the mechanism is a cascading network failure, we should observe asynchronous, sequential collapses radiating from an initial shock point, not a near-simultaneous breakdown across Mycenaean Greece, Hittite Anatolia, Ugarit, and the Levantine city-states within a compressed timeframe (c. 1200–1150 BCE). The historical record shows these regions were destroyed or abandoned within a single generation, a pattern observationally equivalent to a simultaneous systemic shock. The target's mechanism is therefore insufficiently distinguished from the forbidden case: it substitutes one kind of totalizing, regionally undifferentiated catastrophe (a single mega-drought) for another (a single systemic network cascade) without specifying the concrete, datable, regionally staggered sequence of failures that the network-cascade model requires.",
  "counterexample": [
    "If the mechanism were a cascading network failure, we would expect a clear temporal sequence: e.g., Pylos falls first (c. 1200 BCE) due to a local shock, disrupting trade to Ugarit, which then collapses a generation later (c. 1175 BCE) as its trade-dependent economy starves, followed by Hattusa (c. 1150 BCE) after losing its Syrian vassals. Instead, the archaeological record shows destruction layers across multiple regions clustered within a very narrow window (c. 1200–1180 BCE), a pattern more consistent with a simultaneous external shock than a sequential network cascade."
  ]
}