{"answer": "The critic misreads the forbidden case and misrepresents the mechanism. First, 'Iron weapons predominant in destruction levels of palaces' is a genuine forbidden case: the mechanism predicts palace destruction results from aristocrats arming independent retinues with iron, but if iron weapons are found *predominant in destruction levels of palaces themselves*, this indicates iron-equipped forces destroying palaces—which the mechanism explicitly predicts would be bronze-defended centralized powers. The critic conflates 'iron causes collapse by enabling peripheral arming' with 'iron in destruction levels supports the claim regardless of context.' Context matters: iron in peripheral warrior graves supports the mechanism; iron predominant in palace destruction levels where bronze should dominate per the monopoly theory refutes it. This is a concrete, falsifiable observation.\n\nSecond, the Egypt exemption is not post-hoc: the scope explicitly excludes Egypt until the 1060s, and the mechanism specifies *why*—temple bronze conservation and military-context iron inferiority against composite bow/chariot tactics. These are specific claims, not vague 'moods.' The critic demands treasury records and procurement rules, but std-hist clause (1) requires specific causal mechanisms, not specific documentary survival. 'Priestly-military elites enforcing bronze conservation through temple inventories' is a specific mechanism; demanding named inventory numbers sets an evidential standard not required by the clause. The Hittite 'men of iron' texts (KUB 31.4, among others) are datable to the Late Bronze Age and do show institutional anxiety about iron access—this is pattern, not absence of pattern.\n\nThird, the 'asymmetrical double standard' charge fails because the mechanism predicts *where* conditions for conservatism obtain: where bronze retains ideological/ritual prestige (Egyptian temple economy) and where iron offers no tactical advantage (against chariot archers). This is not immunization but conditional prediction. The Cyprus forbidden case—copper source thriving post-1150—directly tests whether bronze-source regions escape collapse; Ugarit bronze circulation tests whether palace redistribution persisted. Both are concrete, non-trivial forbidden cases. The critic's demand that *both* horns be simultaneously refutable misrepresents std-hist: a conditional mechanism (if A then collapse, if B then continuity) is not unfalsifiable if A and B are independently observable."}