The JSON value below is invalid for this output contract. Correct only the reported contract error and preserve every unrelated value. Return ONLY the complete corrected JSON value.

INVALID JSON:
{"answer": "The critic's case raises three objections; each conflates a mechanism's stated hypothesis with a validation-harness specification, and none is actually established against the target.\n\n(1) 'Variance in reasoning quality among the 4' is not operationalized — STANDARD std-crit-design clause (1) violation.\nNot established. The mechanism explicitly identifies two *candidate-set* features — 'near-tie entropy' and 'higher variance in reasoning quality among the 4' — as the structural signals a critic can learn to exploit at k=7. 'Near-tie entropy' is directly measurable from the candidate answer distribution (a 4-of-7 split yields a determinable entropy value); 'variance in reasoning quality among the 4' is a property of the reasoning traces within the majority cluster, which is observable to the critic as text. The mechanism states what the critic learns from (distinctive candidate-set features) and what the outcome is (flagging bare-majority wrong sets at precision >= 0.7). Clause (1) requires a measurable mechanism, not a full feature-extraction pipeline specification. The target's forbidden cases and prose_notes together specify the measurement: 'measure critic precision/recall stratified by margin.' The critic's feature space is no more 'aspirational' than any supervised-learning hypothesis that names informative features before training. The target claims a critic *can learn* these features — that is a testable empirical claim, not a violation.\n\n(2) Computing critic precision on bare-majority wrong sets requires the ground-truth answer key, violating the honesty requirement (answer key held out from every model call).\nNot established. The honesty requirement constrains model calls used for candidate generation and criticism: the answer key must not be available to the models producing or filtering candidates. Evaluation metrics — including critic precision on bare-majority wrong sets — are computed *post-hoc* by the experimenter against the answer key. This is standard evaluation methodology, not a honesty violation. The target's prose_notes specify 'compute per-k self-consistency accuracy and harness accuracy; measure critic precision/recall stratified by margin' — these are analysis-time computations against the key, not model-call-time inputs. The key is held out from every *model call*; it is available to the *evaluation harness*, which is the intended design. The critic's case assumes that measuring precision on labeled subsets requires injecting labels into model calls, but no such requirement exists.\n\n(3) No held-out/sealed-key protocol is specified; if the critic is trained on bare-majority-wrong labels the key is not held out, and if not trained on them the 0.7 threshold is aspirational.\nNot established on both branches. First, the target's prose_notes describe generating candidate pools and running critics at specified token budgets — there is no mention of training a critic on labeled bare-majority-wrong sets. The mechanism describes a critic that 'can learn to flag' based on candidate-set features, consistent with a critic that uses its own reasoning to assess candidate quality without ground-truth labels. The critic's precision on bare-majority wrong sets is then *measured* post-hoc, not trained against. Second, the 0.7 threshold is stated as a *scope condition* ('critic precision on bare-majority wrong sets >= 0.7') and a condition under which strict advantage 'emerges' — it is a pre-registered hypothesis about when the mechanism operates, not a post-hoc aspiration. The forbidden cases operationalize exactly the boundary: case (1) tests whether strict advantage holds when precision >= 0.7; case (2) tests whether it spuriously holds when precision < 0.4. The evaluation protocol — stratify by margin, measure critic precision, compare harness vs. self-consistency accuracy — is specified in prose_notes and is re-runnable by the harness. The answer key is used for scoring (as in any evaluation), not for model calls.\n\nSummary: The critic's case conflates 'naming features a critic can learn' with 'failing to operationalize a mechanism,' and conflates 'evaluation uses ground-truth labels' with 'model calls use ground-truth labels.' The target specifies measurable candidate-set features, a post-hoc evaluation stratified by margin against the answer key, and

DIAGNOSTIC:
{"allowed": "complete JSON value", "contract": "defender.direct.v1", "error": "no complete top-level JSON value at offset 0", "path": "", "repair_scope": "", "skeleton": {"answer": "x"}}