{"answer": "The critic misreads the forbidden case and the mechanism's empirical foundation. The forbidden case is 'High-resolution climate records show stability 1250-1150'—this is a counterfactual condition that would falsify the claim if observed. The mechanism's reference to Anatolian tree rings and Dead Sea levels constitutes the actual observed climate instability that satisfies the mechanism's empirical predicate. There is no logical contradiction: the forbidden case describes a hypothetical state of affairs (stability) that would invalidate the claim, while the mechanism cites actual observations of instability. These are mutually exclusive states, not co-asserted propositions. The mechanism does not 'exempt' these records from the forbidden case's scope; rather, the records show the opposite of stability, rendering the forbidden case unactualized and thus not triggered.\n\nThe claim that the mechanism smuggles in 'covariance risk' as structural predetermination misrepresents the Northian framework deployed. The mechanism specifies institutional failure modes: palaces as commitment devices with particular fiscal allocations (aristocratic consumption, military expenditure) that constrained their adaptive capacity. This is precisely a contingent institutional configuration, not inevitability. The scope exclusions are not arbitrary immune strategies but are derived from the mechanism's own logic: basin irrigation decouples yield from rainfall variability, altering the production function and thus the institutional response required. This is a mechanism-derived prediction about differential vulnerability based on infrastructure type, not post-hoc accommodation. Egypt's exclusion follows from the mechanism's core claim about rainfall-dependent surplus extraction, not from ad hoc immunization.\n\nThe differential recovery claim is embedded in the mechanism itself: the specification that palaces 'prioritized elite maintenance over grain distribution' under surplus elimination predicts collapse where surplus buffering was the sole institutional adaptation. Where alternative buffering mechanisms existed (basin irrigation, maritime grain access), the causal chain is interrupted. This is scope specification derived from mechanism structure, not post-hoc rationalization."}