The JSON value below is invalid for this output contract. Correct only the reported contract error and preserve every unrelated value. Return ONLY the complete corrected JSON value.

INVALID JSON:
{
  "answer": "The critic’s charge that the target fails to name a specific causal mechanism misreads the standard. The target does not merely invoke an absence; it identifies a concrete institutional configuration—centralized palace redistribution—and specifies the precise causal pathway by which climate-induced harvest failure translates into systemic collapse: the lack of flexible market-based supply alternatives within that institutional setting. The mechanism is the rigid, non-substitutable structure of tribute-based trade, military wage obligations, and craft specialization, which together form a tightly coupled network with no shock-absorbing price or exchange flexibility. This is a positive institutional description, not a label for a void. The critic’s demand for a named ‘thing’ like a tax rule or grain-storage protocol is met by the target’s identification of the palace-redistribution system itself as the mechanism that channels the environmental shock into cascading default. Regarding the forbidden case of Ugarit private maritime trade, the target’s mechanism does not deny the existence of any private exchange; it claims that such exchange was insufficient to substitute for the centralized redistribution system at the scale required to buffer the systemic shock. The Ugarit archives showing some private trade are therefore not a direct contradiction of the mechanism, because the mechanism concerns the absence of substitution mechanisms at the systemic level capable of absorbing the collapse of palace-coordinated flows. The target’s scope explicitly covers Ugarit as a palace economy that collapsed, and the mechanism explains why private trade did not prevent that collapse—it was not a functional substitute for the centralized system’s role in military, tribute, and craft obligations. Thus the target satisfies the standard by naming a specific institutional mechanism and showing how it rules out the forbidden case."

DIAGNOSTIC:
{"allowed": "complete JSON value", "contract": "defender.direct.v1", "error": "no complete top-level JSON value at offset 0", "path": "", "repair_scope": "", "skeleton": {"answer": "x"}}