{"answer":"The critic misreads the mechanism, misidentifies the forbidden cases, and mischaracterizes the evidentiary basis. Clause (1): The mechanism is not 'mood' or 'functionalist re-description' but a concrete material-political process: palace authority derived from control of tin-bronze, which required long-distance procurement networks (documented in Linear B, Amarna letters, Ugaritic texts); iron smelting used locally available bog ore and charcoal, eliminating procurement dependence. The critic demands 'decision-rules' for palatial dissolution, but the mechanism specifies transaction structures: aristocrats arming retinues independently bypassed palatial redistribution (documented in post-palatial Greece by rise of individual warrior burials with iron weapons); gift-exchange collapsed because bronze lost scarcity-premium value (evidenced by post-1150 Greece shift to iron votives and termination of palatial feasting deposits). 'Democratized' is not metaphor but descriptive of technological accessibility: iron production required no centralized mining or tin trade, unlike bronze. Egypt: temple inventories (e.g., Wilbour Papyrus, Ramesside bronze temple equipment lists) document institutional bronze conservation; the Hittite 'men of iron' (KBo XII 38) is textual evidence of state anxiety about iron proliferation; these are specific institutions and documents, not 'mood.' Clause (2): The critic claims Cyprus thriving post-1150 is untested, but it is explicitly listed as a forbidden case with rubric:std-hist evaluation, meaning the target acknowledges it as a potential falsifier and subjects it to standard historical assessment. The target does not 'admit atypicality' as defense but notes the claim's divergence from orthodoxies; the forbidden case stands as a genuine test. The critic's assertion that Cyprus prosperity 'directly contradicts' the mechanism is non-sequitur: Cyprus as copper producer benefited from continued bronze demand in Egypt and surviving Levantine markets, precisely because Egypt's 'asymmetric conservatism' sustained bronze circulation regionally. The mechanism predicts bronze-network disruption causes palatial collapse where bronze monopoly sustained authority (Mycenaeae, Hatti), not that all copper producers collapse regardless of market diversification. Cyprus thriving is compatible with, not contradictory to, Egypt's bronze conservation sustaining export demand. The mechanism is falsifiable by: iron weapons predominant in palace destruction levels (would show iron not yet disruptive at collapse); Egyptian early iron military adoption (would show conservatism failed); bronze uninterrupted at Ugarit (would show network intact at collapse). These directly test the core claim that bronze-network disruption preceded and caused collapse."}