{"answer":"The target violates std-crit-design clause (1) by proposing an adaptive mechanism whose threshold schedule is an aspiration, not a stated regime condition in measurable quantities. It asserts critic confidence c(q) will be 'high' on fragile majorities and 'low' on robust ones, but never specifies the mapping from margin signal to threshold in measurable form: no functional form, no cutoff value of margin that triggers threshold change, no concrete c(q) values or p(q)/r(q) bounds as a function of margin. 'Raises its threshold on robust-majority questions and lowers it on fragile ones' is directional aspiration, not a pre-registrable regime. Consequently the proposal cannot specify forbidden cases that are concrete measurable outcomes of running THIS experiment: the first forbidden case ('adaptive <= fixed on >=30% fragile') is a generic comparison arm, not a falsifier of the specific adaptive mechanism — any adaptive scheme that fails satisfies it, so it cannot distinguish the proposed question-adaptive-threshold mechanism from a broken adaptive scheme. The second forbidden case (|rho|<0.15 yet adaptive beats SC) tests only correlation, not the claimed causal operating-point shift; a critic could beat SC via non-margin signals with zero margin correlation. The third (FP rate on robust under adaptive exceeds FP under fixed) is necessary but not sufficient — it would not refute a scheme that matches FP rate yet still fails to improve accuracy. None of the forbidden cases pin the specific claimed mechanism (threshold schedule keyed to margin producing p_min-clearing on fragile questions), so the proposal fails clause (2) as well: its forbidden cases cannot refute the proposal as stated.: The criticism conflates the proposal's theoretical mechanism specification with a pre-registration protocol. The claim establishes the directional regime condition (c(q) high on fragile majorities, low on robust) as the defining property of the adaptive mechanism, which is sufficient to define the mechanism's identity. The forbidden cases are designed as conjunctive falsifiers, not isolated refutations. The first case (adaptive <= fixed on >=30% fragile) is a direct performance refutation in the exact scope where the mechanism is claimed to operate; a 'broken adaptive scheme' that fails this test is legitimately falsified, which is the purpose of a forbidden case. The second case (|rho|<0.15 yet beats SC) specifically forbids the scenario where the harness beats SC without the claimed margin-correlation mechanism, eliminating non-margin alternative explanations. The third case (FP rate on robust under adaptive exceeds fixed) directly tests the claimed FP-avoidance on robust questions. Together, these three cases form a sufficient conjunctive refutation structure: they forbid performance failure, forbid success via uncorrelated signals, and forbid FP-regression on robust questions. The requirement for a 'concrete functional form' of the threshold schedule is overly restrictive; the regime condition is stated in measurable quantities (margin <= 1 defines fragile, c(q) defines threshold), and the decisive experiment uses a critic prompted with the margin signal, making the mechanism concrete and testable.","case":"The target violates std-crit-design clause (1) by proposing an adaptive mechanism whose threshold schedule is an aspiration, not a stated regime condition in measurable quantities. It asserts critic confidence c(q) will be 'high' on fragile majorities and 'low' on robust ones, but never specifies the mapping from margin signal to threshold in measurable form: no functional form, no cutoff value of margin that triggers threshold change, no concrete c(q) values or p(q)/r(q) bounds as a function of margin. 'Raises its threshold on robust-majority questions and lowers it on fragile ones' is directional aspiration, not a pre-registrable regime. Consequently the proposal cannot specify forbidden cases that are concrete measurable outcomes of running THIS experiment: the first forbidden case ('adaptive <= fixed on >=30% fragile') is a generic comparison arm, not a falsifier of the specific adaptive mechanism — any adaptive scheme that fails satisfies it, so it cannot distinguish the proposed question-adaptive-threshold mechanism from a broken adaptive scheme. The second forbidden case (|rho|<0.15 yet adaptive beats SC) tests only correlation, not the claimed causal operating-point shift; a critic could beat SC via non-margin signals with zero margin correlation. The third (FP rate on robust under adaptive exceeds FP under fixed) is necessary but not sufficient — it would not refute a scheme that matches FP rate yet still fails to improve accuracy. None of the forbidden cases pin the specific claimed mechanism (threshold schedule keyed to margin producing p_min-clearing on fragile questions), so the proposal fails clause (2) as well: its forbidden cases cannot refute the proposal as stated.","checks":{"ensemble":2,"order_swap":"skipped","paraphrase":{"flips":0,"n":2},"referential_integrity":true},"commitment":"fc:af861bc1c3e8","mode":"absolute","ruling":{"decisive_point":"The claim establishes the directional regime condition (c(q) high on fragile majorities, low on robust) as the defining property of the adaptive mechanism, which is sufficient to define the mechanism's identity.","verdict":"fail"},"standard":"495c5963dafbd26bf2aa1838491e8428005b9a54825f21a8df1e5ead37908e7a","target":"87fced64da9e8fa0da7bfb60b2e395b68bd39de472505a240c60c7bd2ea0ed39"}