{
  "answer": "The target’s mechanism is not a vague metaphor but a specific, testable causal model grounded in well-defined network theory and cognitive anthropology. The mechanism identifies a concrete institutional process: multiplex ties—simultaneous diplomatic marriage alliances, gift-exchange obligations, and long-distance metal trade contracts—created a dense web of reciprocal honor-debt among Late Bronze Age palatial elites. When copper/tin supply routes were physically disrupted (e.g., the loss of Ugarit as a transshipment hub), these multiplex obligations could not be simultaneously honored, triggering a cascade of defaults. The Dunbar-limit threshold is not invoked as a transhistorical abstraction; it is applied precisely to the number of active, trust-based reciprocal relationships a single palace administration could cognitively and institutionally monitor and maintain. The mechanism is thus falsifiable: one can reconstruct the multiplex network from diplomatic correspondence (Amarna letters, Hittite treaties), merchant records (Ugaritic archives, Linear B commodity tablets), and archaeological provenance studies of metal ingots. If the reconstructed network shows that the number of simultaneous high-trust ties per palace exceeded the operational monitoring capacity of its bureaucratic apparatus (as proxied by scribal output, administrative complexity, and communication lag), then the Dunbar-limited trust threshold is empirically breached. The cascade is not a metaphor: it predicts a specific, datable sequence of honor-debt defaults visible in the abrupt cessation of diplomatic gift-exchange, the disappearance of foreign luxury goods in palace destruction layers, and the breakdown of standardized weight systems. The forbidden case of continued palace functioning at Knossos, Pylos, or Ugarit beyond 1150 BC is a genuine falsification condition because the model predicts that any palace embedded in the multiplex network above the trust threshold must fail when the cascade propagates; it does not allow ad hoc ‘topological isolation’ for these sites, as they are explicitly identified in the scope as covered cases. The target’s scope clause already stipulates that these palaces are within the network, so their survival would directly contradict the predicted cascade. The model is thus specific, institutionally grounded, and falsifiable."
}