```json
{"edits":[{"content":"The target violates std-crit-design clause (1) by proposing an adaptive mechanism whose threshold schedule is an aspiration, not a stated regime condition in measurable quantities. It asserts critic confidence c(q) will be 'high' on fragile majorities and 'low' on robust ones, but never specifies the mapping from margin signal to threshold in measurable form: no functional form, no cutoff value of margin that triggers threshold change, no concrete c(q) values or p(q)/r(q) bounds as a function of margin. 'Raises its threshold on robust-majority questions and lowers it on fragile ones' is directional aspiration, not a pre-registrable regime. Consequently the proposal cannot specify forbidden cases that are concrete measurable outcomes of running THIS experiment: the first forbidden case ('adaptive <= fixed on >=30% fragile') is a generic comparison arm, not a falsifier of the specific adaptive mechanism — any adaptive scheme that fails satisfies it, so it cannot distinguish the proposed question-adaptive-threshold mechanism from a broken adaptive scheme. The second forbidden case (|rho|<0.15 yet adaptive beats SC) tests only correlation, not the claimed causal operating-point shift; a critic could beat SC via non-margin signals with zero margin correlation. The third (FP rate on robust under adaptive exceeds FP under fixed) is necessary but not sufficient — it would not refute a scheme that matches FP rate yet still fails to improve accuracy. None of the forbidden cases pin the specific claimed mechanism (threshold schedule keyed to margin producing p_min-clearing on fragile questions), so the proposal fails clause (2) as well: its forbidden cases cannot refute the proposal as stated. The target violates std-crit-design clause (1) by proposing an adaptive mechanism whose threshold schedule is an aspiration, not a stated regime condition in measurable quantities. It asserts critic confidence c(q) will be 'high' on fragile majorities and 'low' on robust ones, but never specifies the mapping from margin signal to threshold in measurable form: no functional form, no cutoff value of margin that triggers threshold change, no concrete c(q) values or p(q)/r(q) bounds as a function of margin. 'Raises its threshold on robust-majority questions and lowers it on fragile ones' is directional aspiration, not a pre-registrable regime. Consequently the proposal cannot specify forbidden cases that are concrete measurable outcomes of running THIS experiment: the first forbidden case ('adaptive <= fixed on >=30% fragile') is a generic comparison arm, not a falsifier of the specific adaptive mechanism — any adaptive scheme that fails satisfies it, so it cannot distinguish the proposed question-adaptive-threshold mechanism from a broken adaptive scheme. The second forbidden case (|rho|<0.15 yet adaptive beats SC) tests only correlation, not the claimed causal operating-point shift; a critic could beat SC via non-margin signals with zero margin correlation. The third (FP rate on robust under adaptive exceeds FP under fixed) is necessary but not sufficient — it would not refute a scheme that matches FP rate yet still fails to improve accuracy. None of the forbidden cases pin the specific claimed mechanism (threshold schedule keyed to margin producing p_min-clearing on fragile questions), so the proposal fails clause (2) as well: its forbidden cases cannot refute the proposal as stated.","changed_fields":["target content"]}]}
```