{"answer": "The critic misreads what the target actually states and imports requirements Northian economics does not impose. First, the target explicitly specifies an institutional mechanism: surplus storage against aristocratic consumption and military expenditure, not peasant subsistence security. This is a claim about allocation rules and stored purpose, not 'mood' or 'essence.' The target does not assert 'elite greed' as motivation; it describes a structural feature of extractive tributary economies where surplus storage serves elite maintenance and military functions—a standard characterization in Near Eastern economic history (e.g., Polanyi, Liverani, Van De Mieroop). The critic demands contract forms and monitoring costs as if Bronze Age palaces operated with modern legal instruments; Northian analysis applies to tribute and redistribution systems without requiring such documentation. The target's 'fiscal overextension' framing is precisely translated: the stored surplus had narrow margins, and when 20% precipitation reduction or ~1.5°C temperature depression eliminated that margin, the allocation rule (elite maintenance over grain distribution) produced peasant flight. This is observable: Hittite capital moves and Greek village fragmentation are presented as outcomes consistent with the mechanism, not as unfalsifiable confirmations—the forbidden cases explicitly specify what would falsify it, including palace stores found full at destruction layers.\n\nOn scope: the target does not claim irrigation decoupling predicts collapse; it claims it predicts differential recovery. Egypt's basin irrigation is excluded precisely because it decoupled yield from rainfall variability, permitting contraction without collapse—this is the mechanism working as specified, not post-hoc immunization. The target does not include Greece as a case of irrigation infrastructure failure; it includes Greece as a case where palace redistributive economies lacked buffering capacity, which is consistent with the mechanism. The scope exclusions are theoretically specified before case application: maritime grain access and basin irrigation are excluded as alternative buffering mechanisms. The critic conflates 'differential recovery based on irrigation infrastructure' with 'collapse predicted by irrigation failure,' misrepresenting the target's actual causal claim."}