{"attack": true, "case": "The target's mechanism fails clause (1) of std-hist by smuggling in 'emergent property' and 'democratized' as functional equivalents to inevitability and moral essence, while its treatment of the forbidden case 'Bronze circulation uninterrupted at Ugarit until destruction' violates clause (2). The mechanism claims iron diffusion 'democratized military capability' and caused collapse as an 'emergent property'—but these are systemic abstractions, not specific causal processes with institutional names. The 'priestly-military elites' enforcing 'asymmetric metallurgical conservatism' in Egypt is a functional class description, not a named institution with documented decision procedures; contrast actual institutions like the Hittite 'men of iron' texts, which are specific. More critically, the forbidden case: if bronze circulation was uninterrupted at Ugarit until its destruction by unspecified causes (the case under trial), this directly falsifies the claim that ironworking diffusion had already disrupted the 'bronze-monopoly political economy' in the Levant. Ugarit was a major nexus of international bronze trade and palatial redistribution; uninterrupted bronze circulation there means the material basis for palatial authority had not dissolved, yet the palace collapsed anyway. The target cannot accommodate this without auxiliary hypotheses that would themselves require independent mechanism-specification. The 'forbidden' list acknowledges this case but the mechanism offers no concrete observation that would exclude it—the claim that iron 'eliminated the material basis for palatial redistribution' is stated as universal within scope, yet Ugarit's continued bronze use suggests either (a) the mechanism operated selectively without stated boundary conditions, making it unfalsifiable, or (b) the mechanism is insufficient. The target also violates clause (3) through 'decline was inevitable' framing: 'emergent property' and 'dissolved' imply automaticity, while 'Egypt surviving through asymmetric metallurgical conservatism' makes conservative rejection sound like a structural compensation rather than a series of specific decisions by identifiable actors. The 'temple inventories show deliberate bronze conservation' is a datable pattern, but it is attached to Egypt (excluded from scope until 1060s), not to the mechanism's core operation in the covered regions. For the covered regions, no comparable specific inventory evidence is cited; the Hittite 'men of iron' texts suggest anxiety but do not demonstrate that iron caused collapse rather than merely being known. The mechanism thus oscillates between technological determinism ('iron smelting...democratized') and unfalsifiable functionalism ('emergent property'), neither satisfying std-hist's requirement for named institutions with specific incentive structures.", "counterexample": ["Ugarit tablets documenting bronze shipments and palace redistribution continuing until the destruction horizon ca. 1200 BCE", "Absence of iron weapons in Ugarit's destruction levels compared to continued bronze tool/weapon assemblages", "Egyptian Theban temple inventories of bronze ceremonial equipment from reigns prior to Shoshenq I showing routine maintenance rather than crisis-driven conservation"]}