{"attack":true,"case":"The target violates std-hist clause (3) by embedding an unmechanized 'inevitability' claim within its supposedly causal framework. The mechanism string asserts that palaces 'prioritized elite maintenance over grain distribution' as if this were an automatic, structurally determined outcome of fiscal overextension rather than a specific institutional decision pathway. Nowhere does the mechanism identify which actors made which discrete choices under which observable decision rules—no vizier, no council, no documented administrative procedure. The phrase 'could not buffer' and 'prioritized' smuggles in functionalist necessity: the palace did not collapse because specific officials made specific allocative choices that can be documented or refuted, but because the system was 'overextended.' This is decline-as-inevitability dressed in mechanism-language. The forbidden case under trial—'Pastoralist populations declined contemporaneously'—further exposes this: the target predicts pastoralism as refuge, yet if pastoralist populations actually declined, the mechanism has no room to explain this except by ad hoc auxiliary hypotheses (pastoralists too failed? climate hit them worse? no mechanism specified). The mechanism's scope exclusions ('Egyptian Delta,' 'coastal Levantine emporia') function as immunization strategies rather than testable boundaries: Egypt 'contracted without collapse' because of basin irrigation, but this is asserted post hoc with no mechanism for why Egyptian elite maintenance costs were magically absorbable. The Hittite capital moving 5 times in 50 years is cited as mechanism-confirmation, yet capital relocation is consistent with multiple non-fiscal mechanisms (military pressure, dynastic dispute, ritual requirements); the target treats it as automatic confirmation without ruling out alternatives. Finally, the '1.5°C temperature depression' and '20% precipitation reduction' are invoked as precise figures, but the mechanism does not specify threshold effects: at what surplus margin does 19% reduction trigger collapse versus 21%? Without such falsifiable decision points, 'narrow surplus margin' functions as a post-hoc rationalization, not a mechanism.","counterexample":null}