```json
{"answer": "The critic's case fails because the alleged unit mismatch is not a mismatch at all. The critic claims that 'recall_wrong * p_wrong_majority' yields 'questions fixed per question,' a per-question quantity, and then asserts that the first two forbidden cases are stated in a different unit: 'per-question percentage of questions where harness accuracy <= self-consistency accuracy.' But the critic has misread the forbidden cases. Those cases do not state a percentage-of-questions quantity as the mechanism's governing variable; they state an empirical observation condition ('shows harness accuracy <= self-consistency accuracy on >= 60% of questions in that regime') that, if observed, would falsify the mechanism's prediction. The mechanism predicts net benefit is positive when the first term dominates; the forbidden cases describe what the harness would show if that prediction were wrong in a specified regime. These are not two quantities that must be algebraically derivable from each other; they are a prediction and its empirical falsification condition. The third forbidden case is stated directly in the mechanism's own units (the net-benefit expression is negative), confirming that the proposal does use the mechanism's named quantity where it matters. The 60% and 50% thresholds are prevalence thresholds on a falsification observation, not conversions of the net-benefit equation, and nothing in std-crit-design requires that a falsification case be algebraically derivable from the mechanism's governing equation. A re-runner evaluating the mechanism computes the net-benefit expression for the third forbidden case directly; for the first two, the re-runner checks whether the harness outcome contradicts the mechanism's directional prediction in the specified regime, which is a standard falsification design. The critic has not established that the forbidden cases are 'uncomputable by the repository's harness' — they require only per-question majority-correctness and harness-vs-SC comparison, both of which the prose_notes explicitly describe recording. No violation of clause (1) or clause (2) is established."}
```