```json
{"cases": [{"target": "8d529a340487a4af6d3caf2ff0062dcf92c71d8630daed8447362b6bdc4e24ad", "attack": true, "case": "The 'Stochastic Compiler Pipeline' analogy conflates the security and state-machine boundary between the model/harness division. By mapping the Adapter as a 'lexer/parser' and the Bridge as a 'linker', it incorrectly implies a unidirectional, compile-time deterministic flow. In the Jolt architecture, the Bridge is a mandatory security boundary for non-authoritative data (C8: scratch non-authoritative), not merely a resolution phase. Furthermore, the analogy's 'counterconditions' attempt to delegate architecture-breaking failures (such as non-deterministic environment variables breaking replay, or implicit reliance on execution order) to 'observation'. This is a boundary violation: under C3 (canonical replay) and C1 (code/immutable-policy control), such nondeterminism is not an empirical observation to be tested later, but a structural architectural fault. The analogy obscures the fact that if the harness relies on implicit execution order not encoded in the manifest, it fails the determinism requirement outright. Additionally, the claim that C10 (conjectural freedom) is preserved is contradicted by the 'strict parser' analogy; a compiler parser rejects invalid syntax, but the Jolt architecture must allow open-ended model reasoning (C10) while isolating it from consequential state transitions (C5, C7). Treating school output as 'unverified source' that is 'rejected' by the parser misrepresents the epistemic status separation (C9), which must allow conjectural reasoning to exist in scratch without being 'rejected' by a compile-time gate, but rather isolated by a security fence.", "counterexample": [{"scenario": "A school produces semantically valid, conjectural reasoning (C10) that does not conform to the strict JSON schema of a route. Under the 'compiler parser' analogy, this is 'rejected' as a parse error, halting the build. However, the Jolt architecture requires that conjectural freedom be preserved in scratch (C8) without halting the deterministic harness. The correct architecture isolates it via the bridge security boundary, not rejects it via a parser."}, {"scenario": "Replay is attempted from the event log and manifest alone. The 'compiler' analogy claims this ensures reproducibility. However, if the harness implicitly relies on school execution order not explicitly encoded in the manifest (a countercondition flagged as 'observation'), replay determinism (C3) is broken. This is not an empirical observation but a structural violation of the immutable manifest policy (C1)."}]}, {"target": "14ff1f61e9ab33eb992c6c8f7e4be1e38e772904dba2411457a18e2f2e183da5", "attack": true, "case": "The claim asserts a 'missing integration-boundary contract' for CLI/MCP/chat surfaces (C13) causing 'operator-experience degradation without architectural violation'. This framing violates the state-machine boundary principle. C13 requires shared CLI/MCP/chat application services, meaning the problem explicitly asks for these surfaces to be governed by the deterministic orchestration architecture. By characterizing the absence of a typed interface contract for progress, interruption, and attention redirection as merely an 'operator-experience' issue rather than a harness-owned deterministic control gap, the target misplaces the boundary. If the harness implements deterministic fencing (attention.py) and scratch authoring (authoring.py), then the lack of a canonical, append-only event schema for operator-initiated interruption and cross-surface redirection is a direct violation of C2 (consequential transitions logged) and C5 (prose cannot alter routes/budgets/phases/status). Operator interruptions that alter the flow of reasoning are consequential transitions; if they are delegated to 'implicit UX state in each client', they bypass the append-only event log, breaking C14 (historical intelligibility) and C3 (canonical replay). The target incorrectly classifies a harness-owned control and security boundary violation as an out-of-scope UX concern.", "counterexample": [{"scenario": "An operator initiates an interruption via the CLI. Because there is no typed surface contract, this interruption is handled by implicit UX state and does not generate a canonical append-only event. Replay of this session (C3) fails because the consequential transition (the interruption) is not logged. This is not merely 'operator-experience degradation' but a violation of C2 and C14."}, {"scenario": "A future chat client invents its own convention for attention redirection. Because this is not bound to the harness's deterministic fencing (C1/C5), the prose/UX layer alters the attention phase without a typed event, violating the rule that prose cannot alter phases."}]}]}
```