The JSON value below is invalid for this output contract. Correct only the reported contract error and preserve every unrelated value. Return ONLY the complete corrected JSON value.

INVALID JSON:
{
  "forbidden_case_1_response": "The observed diversification of trade routes and local bronze production between 1200–1150 BC is not contradictory to the target's mechanism; it is precisely the adaptive response expected when the primary, tightly coupled maritime arteries are severed. The target claims the palatial system was rigid and unable to manage the shock without imploding—the shift to local production and alternative routes represents the post-collapse adaptation of surviving communities after the palatial network had already failed, not evidence that the palatial system itself was resilient. The target's timeline allows for the initial climatic shock to trigger rapid palatial collapse, after which decentralized, opportunistic trade patterns would naturally emerge in the archaeological record of the subsequent decades.",
  "answer": "The diversification of trade routes and local bronze production between 1200–1150 BC does not contradict the target's mechanism. The target describes a rapid implosion of the tightly coupled palatial network, not the immediate cessation of all economic activity. Once the palatial administrations collapsed, surviving communities would necessarily adapt by developing local production and alternative trade routes. The archaeological evidence of diversification is therefore a post-collapse phenomenon, consistent with the target's claim that the rigid palatial system failed, leaving decentralized actors to fill the vacuum. The target's mechanism accounts for the severing of the specific arteries that sustained the palaces; it does not forbid subsequent adaptation by non-palatial actors in the aftermath."
}

DIAGNOSTIC:
{"allowed": "complete JSON value", "contract": "defender.direct.v1", "error": "extra field at /forbidden_case_1_response", "path": "", "repair_scope": "", "skeleton": {"answer": "x"}}