{
  "candidates": [
    {
      "claim": "The Jolt architecture's present failure is not a single TOCTOU or missing hash, but a systemic conflation of 'school identity' with 'route configuration' in the scheduler (src/deepreason/scheduler/scheduler.py:410-520). The scheduler iterates schools as prompt/provenance conditioning but does not bind each school to a distinct configured route. This means a school's 'adversarial failure analysis' stance is injected as prose into a shared model call, but the underlying route (model, temperature, budget, tools) is not school-specific. A hidden controller behaviour emerges: a school's prose instructions can leak into or be overridden by the shared route's system prompt, and a school cannot independently specify its own model, budget, or tool access. This violates C4 (one bounded model responsibility per call) because the model call is asked to simultaneously serve multiple schools with conflicting stances, and C5 (prose cannot alter routes/budgets/phases/status) because the school's prose stance is the only differentiator, yet it implicitly alters the effective behaviour by prompt engineering. The strongest deterministic control architecture is to make 'school' a first-class route selector: each school is bound to a distinct route lease in the immutable manifest, and the scheduler dispatches each school's conjecture/critique as a separate, route-isolated model call with its own budget reservation. This preserves open-ended reasoning (C10) while ensuring school stances are enforced by the harness, not by prompt leakage.",
      "mechanism": "The scheduler currently constructs a single prompt that includes school stances as conditioning text (e.g., 'You are school-b-deepseek using exactly deepseek-v4-pro. Lens: adversarial failure analysis...'). This text is injected into a shared model call context. The adapter (src/deepreason/llm/adapter.py:300-430) verifies route leases and derives a strict wire contract, but the route lease is per-role (conjecturer, critic), not per-school. Thus, all schools sharing a role (e.g., all critics) use the same route lease, model, and budget. A school's 'lens' is reduced to prose that the model may ignore, misinterpret, or that may conflict with other schools' lenses in the same batch. The hidden controller behaviour: the model provider's system prompt or fine-tuning can override the school's lens, and the harness has no way to detect this because the lens is not a verifiable constraint. The repair: extend the manifest to include a `school_route_bindings` map, extend the scheduler to dispatch per-school calls, and extend the adapter to enforce per-school route leases. Each school's call is a separate bounded model responsibility (C4), with its own budget reservation (src/deepreason/llm/budget.py:79-158), and its output is logged as a distinct consequential transition (C2).",
      "counterconditions": [
        "If the current implementation already uses separate model calls per school but the code observation is outdated, this claim is moot.",
        "If the school lens is intended only as a lightweight prompt variation and not a strong architectural separation, the current design may be intentional.",
        "If all schools in a given deployment always share the same model and budget, per-school route isolation adds complexity without benefit.",
        "If the adapter already supports per-school route leases but the scheduler simply doesn't use them, the fix is a scheduler change, not a manifest change."
      ],
      "typicality": 0.85,
      "optional_refs": [
        "f2af79bc9e7a4439f52a2c78742e66b89d114b325d9156f7cf45bb53d4466ba9"
      ],
      "sidecar": {
        "search_signal": "productive"
      }
    }
  ]
}