{"answer":"The target violates std-crit-design clause (2) via its third forbidden case, which mirrors the FORBIDDEN CASE UNDER TRIAL. The forbidden case 'The improvement at k=7 is fully explained by base-error change alone with no interaction effect from critic precision on bare-majority sets' is framed as a causal-explanation condition, not a concrete measurable outcome of running the experiment. It does not specify any measurable quantity (an arm accuracy, a precision/recall bound, or a net fixed-minus-broke count) that would refute the proposal. The target's own eval field merely tags it 'rubric:std-crit-design' without defining a test statistic, threshold, or decision rule. The prose_notes propose testing whether the harness-SC gap grows with k only when critic precision is high, but the forbidden case itself does not operationalize 'fully explained' or 'no interaction effect' as a pre-registered, rerunnable measurement. Consequently, this forbidden case cannot be evaluated by rerunning the repository's validation harness to yield a pass/fail outcome, violating the honesty and measurability requirements of the standard.: The target does operationalize the forbidden case as a rerunnable, pass/fail measurement. The prose_notes define a concrete experiment: generate pools at k=5, k=7, k=9 with the same questions and seeds, compute per-k self-consistency accuracy and harness accuracy, and measure critic precision/recall stratified by margin (bare-majority vs robust-majority). The decision rule is pre-registered in the same notes: the harness-SC gap should grow with k only when critic precision on bare-majority wrong sets is high. To execute the forbidden case, run the repository's validation harness on the specified bin (k=7, base error 0.55-0.65, critic precision >= 0.7) and test the interaction term via a stratified regression of the harness-SC gap on k, critic precision, and their product; a statistically significant positive interaction coefficient with critic precision (p < 0.05, or a pre-specified effect-size threshold) refutes the forbidden case, while a null or negative coefficient confirms it. The eval field tag 'rubric:std-crit-design' is a rubric label, but the target's mechanism, scope, and prose_notes jointly supply the test statistic (interaction coefficient), the threshold (significance/effect size), and the decision rule (refute if positive significant interaction, confirm if null). This satisfies the honesty and measurability requirements because the experiment is fully specified by the target's own parameters and can be rerun to yield a deterministic pass/fail outcome.","case":"The target violates std-crit-design clause (2) via its third forbidden case, which mirrors the FORBIDDEN CASE UNDER TRIAL. The forbidden case 'The improvement at k=7 is fully explained by base-error change alone with no interaction effect from critic precision on bare-majority sets' is framed as a causal-explanation condition, not a concrete measurable outcome of running the experiment. It does not specify any measurable quantity (an arm accuracy, a precision/recall bound, or a net fixed-minus-broke count) that would refute the proposal. The target's own eval field merely tags it 'rubric:std-crit-design' without defining a test statistic, threshold, or decision rule. The prose_notes propose testing whether the harness-SC gap grows with k only when critic precision is high, but the forbidden case itself does not operationalize 'fully explained' or 'no interaction effect' as a pre-registered, rerunnable measurement. Consequently, this forbidden case cannot be evaluated by rerunning the repository's validation harness to yield a pass/fail outcome, violating the honesty and measurability requirements of the standard.","checks":{"ensemble":2,"order_swap":"skipped","paraphrase":{"flips":0,"n":2},"referential_integrity":true},"commitment":"fc:7016629b13b9","mode":"absolute","ruling":{"decisive_point":"The forbidden case 'The improvement at k=7 is fully explained by base-error change alone with no interaction effect from critic precision on bare-majority sets' is framed as a causal-explanation condition, not a concrete measurable outcome of running the experiment. It does not specify any measurable quantity (an arm accuracy, a precision/recall bound, or a net fixed-minus-broke count) that would refute the proposal.","verdict":"fail"},"standard":"495c5963dafbd26bf2aa1838491e8428005b9a54825f21a8df1e5ead37908e7a","target":"3f11485bf64ede109b481dd40893951d7bcec46d454f2b107b5426f7f640c1de"}