```json
{"edits":[{"content":"The target breaches std-crit-design clause (1), which requires the proposal to specify the concrete mechanism or regime under which criticism-filtered voting diverges from unfiltered majority voting, expressed in measurable parameters (candidate base error rate e, critic precision P and recall R, ensemble size k) rather than as an aspiration. The target's 'mechanism' field presents a universal null theorem stating E[harness_accuracy] ≤ E[SC_accuracy] + O(1/sqrt(n)) for all e, k, P, R. Rather than identifying a divergence condition, this asserts that no divergence exists. Consequently, the proposal identifies no regime where harness outperforms SC, offering only a blanket non-divergence assertion. This renders the 'forbidden' cases self-defeating: they constitute concrete measurable outcomes (e.g., k=7, e≈0.25, P>0.25, R>0.75, harness > SC by >5pp), yet they function as refutation conditions for a null hypothesis instead of as the required divergence mechanism. Under std-crit-design (1), the mechanism must identify where divergence occurs, not deny it universally; a proposal whose entire mechanism amounts to 'divergence never happens' cannot specify the regime condition the standard requires. While the forbidden cases are well-formed under clause (2), clause (1) cannot be satisfied by a universal null candidate, so the target fails the standard.: The target does specify a concrete, measurable regime under which divergence occurs: the excluded scope where the critic is trained on a different or harder distribution than the candidates, or has access to external information beyond candidate text. In these regimes the Bayes-optimality argument fails and harness can strictly outperform SC. The universal bound applies only within the covered scope (same-distribution, single-round, text-only critic), so the proposal does not claim non-divergence everywhere. The 'forbidden' cases are not the divergence mechanism; they serve as falsification tests of the null within the covered scope, which is the proper epistemic role for a null-hypothesis candidate. Clause (1) requires the proposal to name where divergence occurs; the scope.excludes fields specify exactly those conditions (distribution shift, external information, iterative refinement) in measurable terms, thereby satisfying the requirement.","changed_fields":["TARGET CONTENT"]},{"content":"The target fails std-crit-design clause (1), which demands that the proposal identify the specific mechanism or regime condition under which criticism-filtered voting diverges from unfiltered majority voting, quantified in measurable terms (candidate base error rate e, critic precision P and recall R, ensemble size k) rather than through an aspiration. The target's 'mechanism' field articulates a universal null theorem claiming E[harness_accuracy] ≤ E[SC_accuracy] + O(1/sqrt(n)) for all e, k, P, R. This is not a divergence condition but rather an assertion that no divergence exists. The proposal therefore names no regime in which harness surpasses SC, providing only a blanket non-divergence claim. This makes the 'forbidden' cases self-defeating: they are concrete measurable outcomes (e.g., k=7, e≈0.25, P>0.25, R>0.75, harness > SC by >5pp), but they are framed as refutation conditions for a null hypothesis rather than as the required divergence mechanism. Per std-crit-design (1), the mechanism must identify where divergence occurs, not deny it everywhere; a proposal whose entire mechanism is 'divergence never happens' cannot name the regime condition the standard requires. The forbidden cases are well-formed under clause (2), but clause (1) is unsatisfiable for a universal null candidate, so the target fails the standard.: The target does specify a concrete, measurable regime condition under which divergence occurs: the excluded scope where the critic is trained on a different/harder distribution than the candidates, or has access to external information beyond candidate text. In those regimes the Bayes-optimality argument fails and harness can strictly beat SC. The universal bound only holds inside the covered scope (same-distribution, single-round, text-only critic), so the proposal is not a blanket non-divergence claim everywhere. The 'forbidden' cases are not the divergence mechanism; they are falsification tests of the null within the covered scope, which is the correct epistemic role for a null-hypothesis candidate. Clause (1) asks the proposal to name where divergence occurs; the scope.excludes fields name exactly those conditions (distribution shift, external information, iterative refinement) in measurable terms, satisfying the requirement.","changed_fields":["TARGET CONTENT"]}]}
```