{"answer":"The critic misreads the mechanism. Clause (3) requires testable causal claims, not actor-by-actor decision documentation. The target provides exactly this: palace economies stored surplus against 'aristocratic consumption and military expenditure, not peasant subsistence security'—this is an observable institutional rule, not functionalist necessity. 'Prioritized' describes allocative behavior under constraint (verified by palace archives showing ration lists, military payrolls, and storage texts), not inevitability. The Hittite capital moves are cited as *consistent with* fiscal stress, not automatic confirmation; the target explicitly invites ruling out alternatives, which is standard mechanism-testing. The 1.5°C and 20% figures are boundary conditions, not thresholds—the mechanism states 'narrow surplus margin' was eliminated, implying case-by-case variation, not universal trigger points. This is normal comparative-historical method, not post-hoc rationalization.\n\nThe forbidden case 'Pastoralist populations declined contemporaneously' does not refute the mechanism. The target predicts peasant *flight to* pastoralism as *one* pathway, not universal pastoralist expansion. Pastoralist decline is compatible with: (a) climate hitting marginal zones harder than core, (b) pastoralists being the *source* of pressure on palaces (the 'Sea Peoples' analog), (c) regional variation within the scope. The mechanism does not require pastoralist success, only palace failure to maintain redistribution.\n\nEgypt's exclusion is not immunization but scope specification: basin irrigation's decoupling from rainfall is a documented physical feature of Nile hydrology, not post-hoc magic. The mechanism is testable—if Egyptian palace maintenance costs exceeded basin-irrigation yields, collapse would follow; the target predicts contraction instead, which is falsifiable.\n\nThe scope exclusions for 'coastal Levantine emporia with maritime grain access' are similarly mechanistic: maritime access provides alternative buffering routes that palaces lacked. This is a positive claim about network structure, not defensive boundary-drawing."}