```json
{"clauses":[{"item_alias":"K1","response":"The dominance relation is not smuggled in as an unmeasurable primitive; it is a derived condition that is operationalized entirely through the measurable (base error, precision, recall, k) space. The target explicitly states the regime is 'not a point... but a curve' parameterized by base error in (0.5-p, 0.5+p) with p scaling as 1/sqrt(k). The stochastic dominance condition is the existence criterion for a threshold tau on the calibrated p_veto scores that yields positive expected net-fixed-minus-broke. The harness measures this directly: it scores arms against a held-out answer key and computes net-fixed-minus-broke for the thresholded veto policy. The required metrics (candidate base error rate, critic precision and recall at threshold tau, ensemble size k) are all produced by rerunning the harness on the thresholded arm. The curve is pinned down by sweeping tau and recording the resulting precision, recall, and net benefit at each point—each point on the curve is a measurable (base error, precision, recall, k) tuple. The dominance relation is the theoretical justification for why such a curve exists, not a substitute for the measurable quantities. The forbidden cases are refutation bounds: if the distributions are indistinguishable yet the harness still strictly beats self-consistency, the dominance condition is falsified. The third forbidden case (binary-veto matching adaptive margin) is a comparative refutation bound—showing the adaptive arm fails to outperform a simpler binary baseline falsifies the claim that adaptivity is necessary. Finally, the tau sweep is not a post-hoc multiple-comparisons violation; it is a pre-registered curve-fitting procedure where the full sweep set {0.5, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9, 0.95} and the success criterion (FPR<0.1 and recall>0.3 at high tau) are committed in prose_notes before evaluation. The sweep explores the regime curve, and the existence of any tau satisfying the bounds is the pre-registered success condition, not a selected best-of-many."}]}
```