{
  "answer": "The critic misreads the std-hist standard, which does not require a mechanism to be a directly observed institution or a documented event with surviving textual or paleopathological evidence; it requires a specific causal mechanism, and the target provides one: an equine epizootic spreading via Anatolian-Levantine trade routes c. 1220 BC. This names a concrete biological process (infectious disease transmission among horses), a specific transmission pathway (trade routes), a temporal anchor (c. 1220 BC), and a precise downstream causal chain (chariot horse mortality → loss of coercive mobility → palatial collapse). The standard does not demand that the mechanism be directly attested in the archaeological record—if it did, most historical mechanisms involving perishable or non-textual phenomena would be inadmissible, which is not a defensible reading of the standard. The forbidden cases are stated as concrete observations that could realistically obtain: the first specifies a type of evidence (textual or zooarchaeological) and a measurable condition (normal horse mortality rates and continued chariot deployment up to destruction horizons); such evidence is in principle recoverable from existing or future excavation and analysis of Hittite and Mycenaean sites. The second forbidden case identifies a specific evidentiary domain (Egyptian military records from Merneptah–Ramesses III) and a falsifiable pattern (no shift from chariot to infantry predominance in campaign accounts), which is checkable against known inscriptions and papyri. The third forbidden case references a historically attested phenomenon (Sea Peoples invasions) and specifies a concrete observable pattern (naval and infantry assaults unconstrained by horse availability coinciding with palace destructions), which is evaluable against the archaeological and textual record of destruction horizons. None of the forbidden cases are speculative counterfactuals; they are empirical conditions whose presence would refute the mechanism under the standard historiographic rubric. The target therefore satisfies the requirement for a specific causal mechanism and concrete, observable forbidden cases."
}