{"answer":"The target's third forbidden case is structurally unmeasurable by this repository's validation harness, directly violating std-crit-design clause (3): 'Proposals whose forbidden cases cannot be measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness violate this standard.' The forbidden case demands 'Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0' — a continuous statistical quantity (the Pearson or similar correlation between critic errors and candidate-pool errors at the item level). The repository harness scores arms by producing discrete outcomes: per-item correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate counts (fixed-minus-broke). It does not expose, compute, or log a pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. The proposal offers no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization. Consequently, even if one could in principle reconstruct an item-level error vector from harness logs and compute a correlation offline, the proposal as written does not specify how the harness would measure this forbidden case on rerun. A forbidden case that requires an unprovided post-hoc analysis pipeline is not 'measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' This is a genuine design-honesty defect: the refutation condition for the causal story (shared blind spots) is not concretely wired into the harness outputs, so the proposal cannot be falsified on that axis by the prescribed experimental run.: The criticism is valid: the third forbidden case is not directly wired into the harness outputs. The repository harness logs per-item correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate fixed-minus-broke counts, but it does not expose or compute a pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. As written, the forbidden case demands a continuous statistical quantity ('Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0') with no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization. Even if one could reconstruct item-level error vectors from harness logs and compute a correlation offline, the proposal does not specify how the harness would measure this forbidden case on rerun. A forbidden case that requires an unprovided post-hoc analysis pipeline is not 'measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' This is a genuine design-honesty defect: the refutation condition for the causal story (shared blind spots) is not concretely wired into the prescribed experimental run, so the proposal cannot be falsified on that axis by rerunning the harness as specified.","case":"The target's third forbidden case is structurally unmeasurable by this repository's validation harness, directly violating std-crit-design clause (3): 'Proposals whose forbidden cases cannot be measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness violate this standard.' The forbidden case demands 'Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0' — a continuous statistical quantity (the Pearson or similar correlation between critic errors and candidate-pool errors at the item level). The repository harness scores arms by producing discrete outcomes: per-item correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate counts (fixed-minus-broke). It does not expose, compute, or log a pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. The proposal offers no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization. Consequently, even if one could in principle reconstruct an item-level error vector from harness logs and compute a correlation offline, the proposal as written does not specify how the harness would measure this forbidden case on rerun. A forbidden case that requires an unprovided post-hoc analysis pipeline is not 'measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' This is a genuine design-honesty defect: the refutation condition for the causal story (shared blind spots) is not concretely wired into the harness outputs, so the proposal cannot be falsified on that axis by the prescribed experimental run.","checks":{"ensemble":2,"order_swap":"skipped","paraphrase":{"flips":0,"n":2},"referential_integrity":true},"commitment":"kappa-crit","mode":"absolute","ruling":{"decisive_point":"The forbidden case demands 'Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0' — a continuous statistical quantity (the Pearson or similar correlation between critic errors and candidate-pool errors at the item level). The repository harness scores arms by producing discrete outcomes: per-item correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate counts (fixed-minus-broke). It does not expose, compute, or log a pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. The proposal offers no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization.","verdict":"fail"},"standard":"495c5963dafbd26bf2aa1838491e8428005b9a54825f21a8df1e5ead37908e7a","target":"133fcf5d7aa27c0778b65476398b14e0908ab691ec41f11d40b1d13ac6be19b5"}