```json
{"edits":[{"content":"The target's prohibited scenarios breach the 'respect study-design honesty' provision of STANDARD std-crit-design, which mandates that prohibited scenarios be 'measurable by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' The repository harness evaluates candidate responses against a held-out answer key; it neither reveals nor logs the internal plurality split (e.g., 4/5, 3/2, 2-2-1) for each question, nor does it output the critic's tie-break-correct probability as a distinct metric. Every prohibited scenario in the target hinges on metrics not generated by the harness: prohibited scenario 1 demands 'ambiguity rate >= 0.25' and 'critic tie-break-correct probability >= 0.65'; prohibited scenario 2 demands 'ambiguity rate = 0'; prohibited scenario 3 demands 'critic tie-break-correct probability <= 0.45'; prohibited scenario 4 demands R-squared of 'ambiguity rate ... vs harness-vs-SC delta across all 12 cells.' Not a single one of these thresholds can be assessed by rerunning the existing validation harness as configured — they necessitate a fresh instrumentation layer to capture per-question plurality distributions and critic tie-break results, which the standard expressly prohibits for proposals whose prohibited scenarios are not measurable by rerunning this repository's validation harness. Moreover, the target's assertion that deltas of exactly 0.00 are 'explained by zero ambiguity rate' is stated without the target supplying any measured ambiguity-rate data from the repository, rendering the explanation unfalsifiable within the harness as described.: The prohibited scenarios are measurable by rerunning the repository's validation harness because the harness runs both the self-consistency (SC) baseline and the harness-filtered candidate pipelines, logging the per-question final answers for both. The metrics specified in the prohibited scenarios are derived directly from these logged outputs. 'Ambiguity rate' is calculated by determining whether the SC baseline yielded a unique plurality (e.g., 5/0 or 4/1) or a non-unique tie (e.g., 3/2 or 2-2-1) for each question. 'Critic tie-break-correct probability' is assessed by isolating the subset of questions where SC produced a non-unique plurality, and measuring the accuracy of the harness-filtered answer on that precise subset. The 'harness-vs-SC delta' is merely the difference in overall accuracy between the two logged pipelines. Because all required metrics are deterministic functions of the baseline and filtered answer logs already generated by the repository's execution, no fresh instrumentation layer is needed. Furthermore, the explanation for deltas of exactly 0.00 is falsifiable within the harness: if prohibited scenario 2 is observed (ambiguity rate = 0 yet harness strictly beats SC by > 0.02), the 'zero ambiguity' explanation is directly contradicted by the harness output.","changed_fields":["content"]},{"content":"The target's disallowed cases contravene the 'respect study-design honesty' clause of STANDARD std-crit-design, which stipulates that disallowed cases be 'measurable by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' The repository harness scores candidate answers against a held-out answer key; it does not expose or record the internal plurality split (e.g., 4/5, 3/2, 2-2-1) per question, nor does it output the critic's tie-break-correct probability as a separate value. Each disallowed case in the target depends on values not emitted by the harness: disallowed case 1 requires 'ambiguity rate >= 0.25' and 'critic tie-break-correct probability >= 0.65'; disallowed case 2 requires 'ambiguity rate = 0'; disallowed case 3 requires 'critic tie-break-correct probability <= 0.45'; disallowed case 4 requires R-squared of 'ambiguity rate ... vs harness-vs-SC delta across all 12 cells.' None of these thresholds can be appraised by rerunning the existing validation harness as specified — they call for a new instrumentation layer to log per-question plurality distributions and critic tie-break outcomes, which the standard explicitly bars for proposals whose disallowed cases cannot be measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness. Additionally, the target's claim that deltas of exactly 0.00 are 'explained by zero ambiguity rate' is made without the target furnishing any measured ambiguity-rate data from the repository, so the explanation is unfalsifiable within the harness as described.: The disallowed cases are measurable by rerunning the repository's validation harness because the harness executes both the self-consistency (SC) baseline and the harness-filtered candidate pipelines, recording the per-question final answers for both. The values specified in the disallowed cases are derived directly from these recorded outputs. 'Ambiguity rate' is computed by checking whether the SC baseline produced a unique plurality (e.g., 5/0 or 4/1) or a non-unique tie (e.g., 3/2 or 2-2-1) for each question. 'Critic tie-break-correct probability' is evaluated by pinpointing the subset of questions where SC yielded a non-unique plurality, and measuring the accuracy of the harness-filtered answer on that exact subset. The 'harness-vs-SC delta' is simply the difference in overall accuracy between the two recorded pipelines. Because all required values are deterministic functions of the baseline and filtered answer logs already produced by the repository's execution, no new instrumentation layer is required. Furthermore, the explanation for deltas of exactly 0.00 is falsifiable within the harness: if disallowed case 2 is observed (ambiguity rate = 0 but harness strictly beats SC by > 0.02), the 'zero ambiguity' explanation is directly disproved by the harness output.","changed_fields":["content"]}]}
```