{
  "answer": "The target does name a specific causal mechanism: the differential operation of political theology under crisis. The mechanism is 'theological-institutional endurance,' which contrasts two distinct ideological logics. For the Mycenaean wanax and Hittite tabarna, legitimacy is conditional on demonstrable divine favor (prosperity, victory), so evidence of divine impotence triggers a legitimation crisis that the institution cannot survive. For Egypt, ma'at ideology embeds the pharaoh within cosmic cyclicity, categorizing disorder (isfet) not as divine disfavor invalidating the ruler but as an expected phase requiring pharaonic ritual restoration; this narrative reabsorbs catastrophe, preserving the institution. The target thus specifies the concrete causal process: a conditional versus cyclical theology of kingship. The forbidden cases do not contradict this mechanism. The Egyptian 19th Dynasty apologetics and usurpation are intra-elite struggles that occur within the enduring theological framework—the target explicitly claims the ideology enables 'narrative reabsorption,' not the absence of political turmoil. The Hittite case of theological flexibility accepting temporary disfavor without collapse is precisely the opposite outcome predicted for a conditional theology; the target's mechanism predicts collapse for conditional theologies, and the Hittite flexibility represents a different adaptive strategy, not a counterexample to the Mycenaean outcome. The Mycenaean case of the basileus retaining ritual functions after the wanax disappears does not contradict the target; the target's claim is that the wanax as a specific theological-institutional complex collapsed, while the persistence of basileus ritual functions is a distinct phenomenon outside the scope of the claimed mechanism, which concerns the legitimation crisis of the palatial wanax, not the survival of all ritual roles. The forbidden cases do not violate the target's causal story because they either fall within its explanatory scope (Egypt), represent a different adaptive pathway (Hittite), or address a level of analysis the target does not claim to explain (Mycenaean basileus)."
}