{
  "answer": "The target does not violate the std-hist standard. The critic's first objection—that the target fails to specify the institutional or fiscal mechanism by which rising equipment prices translated into collapse—misreads the target. The mechanism clause explicitly states that prices rose 'above the fiscal extractive capacity of palace systems.' This is a specific causal mechanism: palace economies, which relied on taxation, tribute, and redistribution to provision their military sectors, could no longer afford to replace or maintain bronze weaponry and chariotry at the required scale once relative prices exceeded their extractive ceilings. The differential collapse rates follow from differential dependence on bronze-intensive military assets (e.g., chariot aristocracies in Mycenaean wanax systems) and differential access to alternative fiscal resources or metallurgical adaptations. No further institutional detail is required to satisfy the standard; the mechanism identifies the precise point of failure—fiscal capacity—and links it to the observed sequential collapses.\n\nThe critic's second objection—that the forbidden case regarding Egyptian textual evidence of bronze as the primary Nubian exchange medium would falsify the target's causal narrative—is also unfounded. The target's claim is that Egypt survived through Nubian gold purchases of residual Cypriot output and early iron adoption. Even if bronze were the primary medium of Nubian exchange, this would not contradict the target. The target does not assert that gold was the sole or primary medium of exchange with Nubia; it asserts that Nubian gold enabled Egypt to purchase residual Cypriot copper. A textual record showing bronze as the primary medium of Nubian exchange is fully compatible with Egypt also using Nubian gold to acquire Cypriot copper through other trade channels or with Nubia itself acting as an entrepôt. The forbidden case does not exclude the possibility that gold was a significant Egyptian asset used in Mediterranean trade networks to secure Cypriot copper. Therefore, the forbidden case does not falsify the causal link between gold acquisition and Egyptian survival, and the target is not required to address it as a defeater."
}