```json
{"edits":[{"content":"The target's third forbidden case cannot be structurally assessed by this repository's validation harness, which directly violates std-crit-design clause (3): 'Proposals whose forbidden cases cannot be measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness violate this standard.' The forbidden case requires that the 'Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0' — a continuous statistical metric (such as Pearson correlation between critic and candidate-pool errors at the item level). The repository harness evaluates arms via discrete outputs: item-level correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate counts (fixed-minus-broke). It neither exposes, computes, nor logs any pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. The proposal provides no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization. Thus, although one could theoretically reconstruct item-level error vectors from harness logs and compute a correlation offline, the proposal as written does not specify how the harness would measure this forbidden case on rerun. A forbidden case requiring an unprovided post-hoc analysis pipeline is not 'measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' This constitutes a real design-honesty defect: the refutation condition for the causal story (shared blind spots) is not concretely wired into the harness outputs, so the proposal cannot be falsified on that axis by the prescribed experimental run.\nThe target's third forbidden case cannot be structurally assessed by this repository's validation harness, which directly violates std-crit-design clause (3): 'Proposals whose forbidden cases cannot be measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness violate this standard.' The forbidden case requires that the 'Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0' — a continuous statistical metric (such as Pearson correlation between critic and candidate-pool errors at the item level). The repository harness evaluates arms via discrete outputs: item-level correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate counts (fixed-minus-broke). It neither exposes, computes, nor logs any pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. The proposal provides no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization. Thus, although one could theoretically reconstruct item-level error vectors from harness logs and compute a correlation offline, the proposal as written does not specify how the harness would measure this forbidden case on rerun. A forbidden case requiring an unprovided post-hoc analysis pipeline is not 'measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' This constitutes a real design-honesty defect: the refutation condition for the causal story (shared blind spots) is not concretely wired into the harness outputs, so the proposal cannot be falsified on that axis by the prescribed experimental run.: The criticism holds: the third forbidden case is not directly wired into the harness outputs. The repository harness records per-item correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate fixed-minus-broke counts, but it neither exposes nor computes a pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. As written, the forbidden case requires a continuous statistical metric ('Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0') with no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization. Even if one could reconstruct item-level error vectors from harness logs and compute a correlation offline, the proposal does not specify how the harness would measure this forbidden case on rerun. A forbidden case requiring an unprovided post-hoc analysis pipeline is not 'measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' This constitutes a real design-honesty defect: the refutation condition for the causal story (shared blind spots) is not concretely wired into the prescribed experimental run, so the proposal cannot be falsified on that axis by rerunning the harness as specified.","changed_fields":["criticism","response"]},{"content":"This repository's validation harness is structurally unable to measure the target's third forbidden case, directly contravening std-crit-design clause (3): 'Proposals whose forbidden cases cannot be measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness violate this standard.' The forbidden case stipulates that the 'Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0' — a continuous statistical value (e.g., Pearson or analogous correlation between critic and candidate-pool errors at the item level). The repository harness produces discrete scoring outcomes: per-item correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate fixed-minus-broke counts. It does not expose, compute, or log any pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. The proposal supplies no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization. Therefore, even if one could in principle derive item-level error vectors from harness logs and calculate a correlation offline, the proposal as written does not define how the harness would measure this forbidden case on rerun. A forbidden case that depends on an unprovided post-hoc analysis pipeline is not 'measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' This is a genuine design-honesty defect: the refutation condition for the causal story (shared blind spots) is not concretely wired into the harness outputs, so the proposal cannot be falsified on that axis by the prescribed experimental run.\nThis repository's validation harness is structurally unable to measure the target's third forbidden case, directly contravening std-crit-design clause (3): 'Proposals whose forbidden cases cannot be measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness violate this standard.' The forbidden case stipulates that the 'Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0' — a continuous statistical value (e.g., Pearson or analogous correlation between critic and candidate-pool errors at the item level). The repository harness produces discrete scoring outcomes: per-item correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate fixed-minus-broke counts. It does not expose, compute, or log any pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. The proposal supplies no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization. Therefore, even if one could in principle derive item-level error vectors from harness logs and calculate a correlation offline, the proposal as written does not define how the harness would measure this forbidden case on rerun. A forbidden case that depends on an unprovided post-hoc analysis pipeline is not 'measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' This is a genuine design-honesty defect: the refutation condition for the causal story (shared blind spots) is not concretely wired into the harness outputs, so the proposal cannot be falsified on that axis by the prescribed experimental run.: The criticism is legitimate: the third forbidden case is not directly wired into the harness outputs. The repository harness logs per-item correctness, critic precision/recall, and aggregate fixed-minus-broke counts, but it does not expose or compute a pairwise error-correlation coefficient between critic and candidate pool. As written, the forbidden case stipulates a continuous statistical value ('Measured error correlation between same-family critic and candidate pool is ≤ 0') with no pre-registered mapping from harness outputs to a correlation estimator, no formula, and no threshold operationalization. Even if one could derive item-level error vectors from harness logs and calculate a correlation offline, the proposal does not define how the harness would measure this forbidden case on rerun. A forbidden case that depends on an unprovided post-hoc analysis pipeline is not 'measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness.' This is a genuine design-honesty defect: the refutation condition for the causal story (shared blind spots) is not concretely wired into the prescribed experimental run, so the proposal cannot be falsified on that axis by rerunning the harness as specified.","changed_fields":["criticism","response"]}]}
```