{"attack":true,"case":"The target violates std-crit-design clause (1) and (2) by smuggling an unmeasurable distributional primitive into both the mechanism and the forbidden cases, and it violates the honesty clause because the proposed threshold sweep is structurally incompatible with the repository's validation harness.\n\n(1) Naming a measurable regime condition: The target's claimed strict-advantage condition is 'the critic's score distribution for wrong-majority sets stochastically dominates its score distribution for right-majority sets.' Stochastic dominance is an infinite-dimensional distributional property, not a point in (base error, precision, recall, k) space. The proposal even concedes this ('not a point... but a curve'). The standard requires naming the specific mechanism/regime in the measurable quantities it enumerates (candidate base error rate, critic precision and recall, ensemble size k). The target instead substitutes an unmeasurable dominance relation, so the core condition under which the harness supposedly beats self-consistency cannot be pinned down by the required metrics.\n\n(2) Forbidden cases that are concrete and measurable by rerunning the repository's harness: Two of the three forbidden cases are KS-test outcomes on critic score distributions. The repository's validation harness scores arms against a held-out answer key and computes quantities like net-fixed-minus-broke; it does not expose a per-question critic score-distribution testing facility. A KS test requires the raw p_veto samples for right-majority vs wrong-majority questions, which is side-channel data the harness does not produce as a scored arm outcome. Forbidden cases that cannot be measured by rerunning this repository's validation harness violate the standard's final sentence. The third forbidden case (binary-veto matching adaptive margin) is measurable, but it is a comparison between two arms, not a refutation bound tied to a pre-registered arm accuracy or precision/recall bound of the adaptive arm itself.\n\nHonesty / pre-registration: The prose_notes specify sweeping tau across {0.5, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9, 0.95} and then confirming FPR<0.1 and recall>0.3 'at high tau.' This is a post-hoc threshold search guided by looking at per-tau FPR/recall, not a single pre-registered threshold committed before the first look. The standard requires thresholds pre-registered before the first look; a 5-point sweep chosen after inspecting which tau works is exactly the forbidden multiple-comparisons pattern.\n\nNet: the regime condition is stated in an unmeasurable dominance relation rather than the required (base error, precision, recall, k) quantities; two forbidden cases rely on KS tests not producible by the repository harness; and the threshold sweep violates pre-registration honesty.","counterexample":null}