{"answer": "The critic conflates temporal precedence with causal sufficiency and misreads the forbidden case. The forbidden case states Sea Peoples activity existed *before* collapse at all sites, which the mechanism explicitly accommodates: raiding existed sub-threshold without triggering systemic collapse. The threshold claim (~LH IIIB2) posits that piracy's *intensification and geographic spread* crossed a critical point where network externalities degraded—not that raiding's mere existence caused collapse. Symptoms metaphorically 'predate' disease in any threshold model (fever exists before death; the mechanism claims fever's spike kills). The positive-feedback mechanism remains intact: localized raiding → elevated insurance/route abandonment → further network fragmentation → more raiding targets/vulnerability. This is standard complex systems collapse theory, not teleology.\n\nThe 'inevitability' charge misidentifies mechanism language. 'Cascaded,' 'triggered,' and 'made impossible' describe contingent causal sequences, not destiny. Clause (3) forbids narratives where decline is structurally predetermined regardless of events; this mechanism specifies event-dependent thresholds (piracy intensification, route abandonment) that could have been otherwise. Network externalities are observed phenomena, not essences: the mechanism identifies specific institutional forms—palace-controlled harbor infrastructure, naval technology monopolies, and gift-exchange diplomacies explicitly named in the claim. 'Insurance costs' refers to risk-premium behaviors attested in Ugaritic texts (maritime loan rates, cargo guarantees) and Near Eastern merchant practices, not modern institutions.\n\nThe Egypt exclusion is scope-delimitation, not immunization. The mechanism explicitly offers the predictive criterion the critic denies: polities with viable internal redistribution alternatives survive. Egypt's Nile corridor satisfies this; the critic demands institutional specificity the mechanism already provides. The mechanism predicts Mesopotamia's survival (riverine internal trade) and central Anatolian highlands' later collapse (no maritime network participation, hence different causal pathway)—both consistent with outcomes. The forbidden case 'Egyptian trade dependence equal to Mycenaean palaces' is satisfied: Egypt's Nubian gold and grain self-sufficiency demonstrably differed from Mycenaean tin/copper import dependence. Cyprus copper production cessation post-1200 is consistent with the mechanism's timeline. The critic's 'confounding' claim fails: pre-existing raiding is precisely what threshold models predict—localized disturbance until systemic tipping point."}