```json
{"cases":[{"target":"1adfa13d512f769bf1232c7efd777f7a821437be4b202ef2eb15a42858e69487","attack":true,"case":"The 'Epistemic Virtual Machine' analogy asserts that 'schools are dynamically loaded micro-kernels that must adhere to strict typed contracts.' But a micro-kernel, by architectural definition, mediates privileged access to physical resources through user-space syscall boundaries. In this artifact, the boundary being described is the opposite: the harness validates untrusted model output against schemas, which is a data-validation boundary, not a privilege-boundary. The 'MMU translating virtual scratch addresses to physical storage' claim commits a severe category error: scratch is non-authoritative (C8), not a virtualized address space with translation rights. Mapping scratch to an 'MMU' implies formal access semantics that, if actually implemented, would violate C8 scratch non-authority by giving scratch a structural role in state addressing. The artifact claims C3 canonical replay is ensured by 'Transitions are logged as events in harness.py:180-280,' but the problem context demands separation of current implementation from documented intent — citing specific line numbers as proof of replay correctness conflates code existence with verified invariant. The architectural substance misidentifies a validation gate as a memory-management unit and a schema-check as a privilege boundary, undermining the very C1/C8/C3 guarantees it claims to preserve.","counterexample":[{"proposed_architecture":"A true micro-kernel boundary would require schools to issue typed syscalls (e.g., READ_EVIDENCE, COMMIT_EVENT) through a capability table, with the harness dispatching based on capability tokens rather than validating output schemas post-hoc.","actual_architecture":"The described system validates complete model outputs against schemas after generation — this is output filtering, not syscall mediation.","violation":"C8 scratch non-authority is structurally undermined by the MMU analogy: an MMU implies scratch addresses are translatable to formal storage, giving scratch a structural role in state addressing that C8 explicitly forbids."}]},{"target":"abbd283735c775c4f8eb0e896490970ed31b7056ab9d48cbff7148b7e7d5d799","attack":true,"case":"The 'Deterministic Smart Contract Runtime' analogy claims 'schools act as untrusted oracles providing signed data proposals' and 'the harness enforces consensus rules.' But in blockchain architecture, consensus rules resolve disagreement among multiple validators about the SAME transaction — the harness here performs schema validation of a SINGLE model output, which is type-checking, not consensus. There is no multi-validator quorum, no fork-choice rule, no Byzantine agreement. Calling schema validation 'consensus' inflates a deterministic type-check into a distributed-systems primitive it structurally is not. Worse, the 'two-phase commit' claim for scratch-to-formal promotion misuses the term: 2PC is a distributed atomic-commit protocol with prepare/vote/commit phases across resource managers. The described bridge performs validation-then-emission, which is a single-actor pipeline with no prepare-phase voting from multiple participants. This is not 2PC. The artifact's 'mempool table until promoted' claim introduces an architectural element (a staging pool with promotion semantics) that, if implemented, creates a shadow state-machine outside the harness's sole-mutator control — a potential C1/C2 boundary violation where pending proposals accumulate as de facto state not governed by the formal event log. The analogy obscures rather than clarifies the actual control-flow architecture.","counterexample":[{"proposed_architecture":"A genuine 2PC would require multiple resource managers to vote PREPARE before COMMIT, with rollback on any ABORT vote — the harness would need to poll multiple independent validators.","actual_architecture":"Single harness validates single model output and emits — no voting, no rollback coordination, no distributed abort.","violation":"C1 code/immutable-policy control: if a 'mempool' accumulates un-promoted proposals as persistent state outside the event log, the harness is no longer the sole state mutator."}]},{"target":"7e1745f7078b7d97806c0e6230cfa3ea23cdc58334d4ef44a5352bc79168dc6c","attack":true,"case":"The 'Cybernetic Organism' analogy introduces a 'fast-track' path in the bridge: 'if a model output matches a known safe pattern, it's fast-tracked; otherwise, it undergoes full scrutiny.' This is a direct and severe violation of the problem's deterministic control requirements. A 'fast-track' bypass for 'known safe patterns' means some model outputs receive LESS validation than others based on pattern-matching — this creates a non-deterministic validation surface where the rigor of type-checking, budget enforcement, and evidence-verification (C7) varies by content. The problem context demands C5 (prose cannot alter routes/budgets/phases/status) and C1 (code/immutable-policy control), but a 'fast-track' introduces a hidden route controlled by pattern-matching logic that can be influenced by model output content. Furthermore, the 'spinal reflex' framing implies the bridge can actuate state changes without full CNS (harness) processing — but if the bridge fast-tracks outputs, it is performing a state-machine transition outside the harness's sole-mutator boundary, violating C1. The analogy's biological 'reflex arc' is architecturally a validation bypass, and introducing bypass paths into a system whose core guarantee is deterministic, uniform validation is the single most dangerous structural mutation proposed across all three artifacts.","counterexample":[{"proposed_architecture":"All model outputs traverse identical validation: schema-check → budget-check → evidence-verification → event-emit. No path skips any check.","fast_track_path":"Output matches 'safe pattern' → skips full scrutiny → faster commit","violation":"C5: the fast-track pattern-match is a content-dependent route alteration. C1: if the bridge fast-tracks without harness approval, the bridge becomes a second state mutator. C7: fast-tracked outputs may skip evidence-distinctness verification."}]}]}
```