{"answer":"The critic misidentifies the forbidden case and mischaracterizes the scope exclusion. The forbidden case is 'Central Anatolia collapse simultaneous with coast'—a concrete observation that could realistically obtain. The target does NOT exclude this case from evaluation; rather, it excludes 'central Anatolian highlands post-1180' from its scope of COVERAGE. This is a critical distinction: the mechanism claims to explain collapses within its covered regions, and explicitly does not extend to central Anatolia post-1180. The critic conflates 'scope of coverage' with 'scope of evaluation for forbidden cases.'\n\nThe mechanism is not falsified by central Anatolia's collapse timing because the target makes NO PREDICTION about central Anatolia post-1180. The 'school-0 mech stance' reference indicates awareness that maritime mechanisms have geographical limits—not evasion, but appropriate modesty. Clause (2) requires stating forbidden cases that are concrete observations which could realistically obtain; the target satisfies this by listing 'Central Anatolia collapse simultaneous with coast' as a forbidden case. The target does not need to explain central Anatolia's collapse to avoid falsification; it merely needs to not predict that its maritime mechanism explains it. The target does exactly this by scope exclusion.\n\nThe critic's 'gerrymander' charge fails: Hittite western provinces ARE included in scope, and the Hittite central administration's collapse is not denied but attributed to different mechanisms outside the account's purview. The mechanism need not be broadened because the target does not claim exclusivity for all Bronze Age collapses everywhere. Clause 1's ban on essences is not violated because no 'inevitability' is posited for excluded regions; rather, no claim is made at all. The critic's demand that any account of maritime collapse must also explain inland collapse is an arbitrary scope expansion unsupported by std-hist clause (2), which requires only that forbidden cases be stated, not that all geographically adjacent regions be covered by the mechanism."}